Helena Rouhe: Hello.
Helena Rouhe: Hi. Hi.
Helena Rouhe: Are you doing
Brian Riley: I am doing
Brian Riley: Fine.
Brian Riley: I think I'm generally
Brian Riley: How are you doing are
Helena Rouhe: You buying yourself time
Brian Riley: No, just
Brian Riley: So gifted people
Helena Rouhe: Oh, you're fine. I don't expect you to check in on me, but I am fine. Thank you. And that is not insecure neurotic, and emotional. I'm just cruising along
Brian Riley: Okay, yes, I'm
Brian Riley: No, you know,
Brian Riley: I imagine
Brian Riley: Better or worse than many of your others.
Brian Riley: We're all in the same
Brian Riley: Ship and I'm definitely trying to remember last time I remember it was very emotional tied in with the
Brian Riley: First pharmacist.
Brian Riley: Identity.
Brian Riley: Thing and
Brian Riley: The more
Brian Riley: The more work. You have to cover our phases of the lesson, given the ship. You know, it's crazy. I'm
Brian Riley: So, you know, the
Brian Riley: Dialogue businesses really crap. The
Brian Riley: money's
Brian Riley: Situation and Esther had signed on to
Brian Riley: I don't know. It's been very
Brian Riley: I think it's a combination of things. I know that where I used to be.
Brian Riley: In all in a lot of ways. If this happened and anytime before now.
Brian Riley: It would be a lot more difficult and
Brian Riley: One of those things is the financial thing that
Brian Riley: I really haven't been
Brian Riley: Bothered by like from the time that it happened. I haven't been going really, I've never, I haven't been very upset about the loss of the money and
Brian Riley: In looking at it now because I look at it, it's not
Brian Riley: Because I, in any way, enjoy.
Brian Riley: Esther carrying us
Brian Riley: But it's not bothering me.
Brian Riley: Like it did when I first got to California, partly because of the circumstance and that everybody's
Brian Riley: But even like within the household. There's no
Brian Riley: There's no pressure.
Brian Riley: And I have been able to contribute weekly
Brian Riley: You know, nowhere in there.
Brian Riley: But I make sure to at least
Brian Riley: Take care of things and
Brian Riley: So anyway, she had Esther had
Brian Riley: signed on with this thing called post mates and it's a it's another app. And it's a delivery, sir. So you'll get you'll get a notification. Do you notice
Helena Rouhe: No, I mean, there are a lot of these things that are coming up now, which is great.
Brian Riley: Yeah, so it's, uh, I'll get another. Here's an example. I got a notification.
Brian Riley: I do, I want to accept the delivery visit to Walmart. So I accepted go to Walmart I parked in this designated trays. Everything is like
Brian Riley: Really lined up for this. Now, I don't know if this is pre pandemic, or what but there's parking lots spaces available your park there.
Brian Riley: The people kind of Walmart with the ship and you give them the name and they give you the stuff and then you drive it to the person's house and there's instructions on where to leave it leave it all that stuff and
Brian Riley: Now the way it is now. I mean, I'm not even having contact with these people. I'm just leaving it on their porch. I'm putting a line across the signature and I make whatever $11 and
Brian Riley: So,
Brian Riley: In the very beginning, the first couple of weeks as her had said.
Brian Riley: That she was starting to apply at like Amazon.
Brian Riley: And and that that bothered me because they're all she does a great job. So
Brian Riley: Then things started to get very serious and like
Brian Riley: Her daughter went to an interview at Safeway.
Brian Riley: And actually declined a job when she realized shoot me a cashier, so it seemed that even though there were jobs available, the potential for
Brian Riley: weakening the danger.
Brian Riley: Was very real. So I just dropped the job search all together.
Brian Riley: And it was never brought up. It was never mentioned, really, I just thought it was like this understanding
Brian Riley: And I mean I'm pretty in tune to like hints being chopped up. So there was nothing.
Brian Riley: Except like Sunday night.
Brian Riley: I've been trying to force myself like at the data, watch.
Brian Riley: So I was sitting there and I was watching a movie and she got back from doing she signed up for it. She does. She's done like three delivered
Brian Riley: So she just she had gotten back from this delivery and I was watching a movie on the couch.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: She link to the to the app, which is like, you know, I mean, that's that. Yeah, I had asked for it. But, but, like, a week ago prior and it just made that made me feel shitty that I was, I don't think she intended to say, you know, get off your ass while working
Helena Rouhe: Right.
Brian Riley: But here's the link. So it was resentful at first and
Brian Riley: And then I realized to, like, as I was thinking about it when I started to get resentful.
Brian Riley: I needed this book.
Actually
Brian Riley: And I was able to really see what I've done over the past year or two years.
Brian Riley: And so this break isn't really bothered i mean i i i like it i i'm i'm bothered by the
Brian Riley: The nature of
Brian Riley: The uncertainty in the open ended or something, all that. But I don't have an issue with living
Helena Rouhe: Good.
And
Brian Riley: But so I sign on the second thing, and I love it. It's great because it's like
Brian Riley: And it's just like rover. So I'm figuring out how the tricks are and I know what to do and you just go and we don't get that many notifications at her house because we're kind of out of
Brian Riley: The hotspots what's considered
Brian Riley: Which is downtown by the Walmart, Home Depot legit. So yesterday.
Brian Riley: And today I between my walks. I just parked there.
Brian Riley: And the phone goes off and I go and I do these delivery. So I had three yesterday and you can choose when you go online.
Brian Riley: And so today, after my walk. I sat down there and I walk in rope, you know, and I had my phone. I went to the MRI.
Brian Riley: And it's so
Brian Riley: Because, though I haven't been too bothered by it. I have gone to my mother, a few times for $20, you know, here there.
Brian Riley: Because I do have my daily. I like to go to 711 from lunch. I like like my ship in the morning.
Brian Riley: I try to get myself a little present every day.
Brian Riley: For the morning I have this
Brian Riley: I think I showed you the job by job board and it's got a little figurine.
Helena Rouhe: Uh huh. Yeah.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: That's a thing now with
Brian Riley: Collectors is they have these little baggie blind, they're blind bags so
Brian Riley: Toys. And each one is like three bucks you go to the dollar store there $1 to find them and I tried to get one for every day. So every morning.
Brian Riley: It's great, but every morning I have very open and so and then I take a little guide I go to my
Brian Riley: On my board. I just been doing building a shelf for my battlefields.
Brian Riley: I
Brian Riley: Turned to the classic said read Lord of the Flies
Brian Riley: I got into we talked about real before right you know
Brian Riley: You see that
Helena Rouhe: It's been a while. But yeah.
Brian Riley: I tell you what I think about that movie.
Brian Riley: a surprising amount of time. And I realized after watching it again I moments like this. I watched it, because I think about that all the time.
Brian Riley: And I think it's a really good movie to watch in this situation like I recommend to my son.
Brian Riley: And there's some other books that I've picked up and I started like actively writing again and my art is getting really good
Brian Riley: Like I could really
Brian Riley: I could really draw like I've been wanting to
Brian Riley: For about a year or so.
Brian Riley: Wow. Yeah. So I'm starting to see like results in that you like, I could just like with like will wash and convert and
Brian Riley: So that
Brian Riley: Those are all
Brian Riley: And medication wise and begin good
Brian Riley: Smoking is not fabulous. I'm not. I don't love the lodge and juice.
Helena Rouhe: I don't think
Helena Rouhe: anyone loves the Law Center.
Helena Rouhe: Server, to be honest.
Helena Rouhe: I mean it's kind of like the GM you know you're not supposed to just keep chewing it you just to it a little bit. They stick in the back of your mouth and then you to it again when you need it. I mean these things are more user friendly to the world, but they're not
Helena Rouhe: Excited.
Brian Riley: They're strong, very strong.
Mm hmm.
Brian Riley: Show implicit all just like a lot of time so
Brian Riley: It's work.
Brian Riley: My I have a spawn see
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, how's that going and
Brian Riley: It's good. And it's a trip because it's really making me look at me.
Brian Riley: Because I know, I know what I know and like, for example,
Brian Riley: And I'm doing things that i i normally wouldn't do in terms of calling somebody will ship because
Brian Riley: I get it, and I know this this
Brian Riley: Sunday we got together for
Brian Riley: Get together like
Brian Riley: Twice a week to read the book. And so we got together on Sunday and we sent out this bench and he and apparently this was like very rare for him, but he really unload and he's
Brian Riley: tried this.
Brian Riley: Big and we bonded and it was a very strong
Brian Riley: Beating and
Brian Riley: So he's supposed to call me every day.
Brian Riley: And it's a big deal.
Mm hmm.
Brian Riley: You know, and, and he knows it. And I noticed and we just know it is. And so
Brian Riley: He had done this before, too, and I fucking see it and I know and that's what's so silly as that.
Brian Riley: Like, I'm sure you know, when we do shit like and you just know you know and
Brian Riley: So,
Brian Riley: The first time.
Brian Riley: Like when he first started calling, he was calling like nine o'clock.
Brian Riley: Right, and then
Brian Riley: And then one day he didn't call
Brian Riley: Huh. And so the next day I called him up.
Brian Riley: And I said, You know, I know what you're doing is, but I always say, if it was me, like, because I know be
Brian Riley: Yeah, right. And
Helena Rouhe: And and that's how you know it anyway. Right. You're just you're waiting
Brian Riley: And that he was just waiting and waiting and waiting until the end of the day.
Brian Riley: And building up a resentment throughout the day. And then finally, by the end of the day before it's too late. He gives me a call. So I said, Why are you doing that to yourself, why don't you just get it out of the way. The first thing
Brian Riley: Is you
Brian Riley: Telling me once, by the time you know
Brian Riley: So I said, Now, why don't you just call before noon.
Brian Riley: Okay, so he's been doing great. He's been called before noon. And so then Sunday we have this else and so that day that he didn't call he had done finished. Step one. The day before
Hmm.
Brian Riley: Right. Yeah. So yeah, so then now Sunday. He has this really strong emotional day and he was like breaking all sorts of down
Brian Riley: And he doesn't. I can call the next day, right. So I'm like, all right, so
Brian Riley: He did, actually, I think he even texted like yesterday was that he didn't even call it on that was kind of like
Brian Riley: This is bullshit really because
Brian Riley: Don't deny that.
Brian Riley: You know I'm concerned.
Brian Riley: You know,
Brian Riley: And I'm dying to know what he was going to say.
Brian Riley: So today, it's like quarter to 12 today.
Brian Riley: Like, son of a bitch. He's not gonna he's fucking like a call again. So then and now thinking maybe he's relaxed. Maybe it was such a strong day
Brian Riley: That
Brian Riley: And show. It was like five after 12 and he called
Brian Riley: Like nothing ever happened. And so I said. I said, Why didn't you call, and he said, Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Brian Riley: And I said, Why did you call it.
Brian Riley: Long time, no. But you said, why didn't you go and he said, I don't know why it just
Brian Riley: Last night, and I didn't think about it. I said, so you didn't think about a long day.
Brian Riley: And I looked at my phone and I said, Oh man, I haven't called to this is bullshit. And I said, Do you know what I know and I did the whole thing. And like I said,
Brian Riley: You know, I'm sorry to even have to analyze these phone calls.
Brian Riley: But when it's directly related to program, you have to look at what you're doing.
And
Brian Riley: Basically we bonded a bit on Sunday on Saturday and Sunday and what you're doing now is you push away.
Brian Riley: Because that's what we do. So a call me on it, you know, and he's a cool well
Brian Riley: That's the thing.
Brian Riley: So,
Brian Riley: You know,
Brian Riley: And it was uncomfortable.
Brian Riley: Yeah, sure.
Helena Rouhe: But it's also uncomfortable for you in the sense that you get to
Helena Rouhe: See what it's like on the other side. Right, so you can call it out, but you're the one doing the calling out, but it also keeps you accountable to your point, right, and this
Helena Rouhe: Is why it's such an important part of the program to be of service to others because by being of service to others. We're still accountable to ourselves.
Helena Rouhe: You know when you're being congruent.
Helena Rouhe: When you're not being you can hold your sponsors.
Helena Rouhe: more accountable when you're
Helena Rouhe: And it's just a win win so
Good stuff.
Brian Riley: Yes, yes, good is really making me change my view to
Brian Riley: Good, because
Helena Rouhe: Sure. So let's look at last week.
Helena Rouhe: Because last week, I thought we were going to meet and you, you realize that
Helena Rouhe: So,
Brian Riley: That was
Helena Rouhe: Totally fine. Right.
Brian Riley: It's not
Helena Rouhe: Right. And you were accountable.
Helena Rouhe: I actually made a decision because I was
Helena Rouhe: Gonna text you. And then I thought, No, I'm not going to text Brian cuz he and I have been working quite a bit together. I'm gonna let him decide right if you're, you know, I'm going to. I didn't want to to to get yourself upset if I
Helena Rouhe: Tested you and you were like, Oh my God, you know, I didn't want it to be that I wanted it to be.
Helena Rouhe: That if you were able to remember, then it's fine. And it was you who wanted to meet regularly because of all the things that were going on. So it's like, well, maybe he's okay. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: I'm going to go with he's okay. And he doesn't need to me. And then you checked in with me. So I knew you were okay and then I was like, okay, good. So
Helena Rouhe: But for schedule wise, it's good to kind of make sure we're clear. So, in, in, that's part of this whole process. Right. Is this being clear where
Helena Rouhe: There's this identity of what we need and then maybe what we think we need and kind of reconciling that orienting ourselves and it's a lot going on. So, so that you know it's not anything I hold any kind of resentment or grudge against you for what happened last week. But it's funny.
Brian Riley: Right, that this is coming up.
Helena Rouhe: Now, as far as you and your spawn. See, and kind of the accountability piece and then we had that little whatever it was last week. And so, and
Helena Rouhe: I think it's just kind of an interesting dynamic because you're finding yourself shifting and having to kind of go with this.
Helena Rouhe: You know, this is the world. And now there's now you're going to do this other thing. And it's working out you're finding way to make that work looking at how you manage your
Helena Rouhe: Own resources and there's a lot of great things that now you're finding with your creativity and I think maybe you're getting a
Helena Rouhe: Different sense
Helena Rouhe: There definitely would have been a time not that long ago that you wouldn't have been as
Brian Riley: Flexible
Helena Rouhe: As I'm hearing you be now.
Helena Rouhe: You're definitely rolling with the punches, if you will, and you're trying to find new ways to manage the stress and you're, you know, recognizing what's going on in the world and you're not
Helena Rouhe: Seemingly to reactive to it. And even when you are reactive to it. You're not then beating yourself up about that forever, you're going, wow, I had a reaction and you're managing that like
Helena Rouhe: There's a lot of personal growth that I'm hearing from you and what you shared so far, which is fantastic.
Helena Rouhe: So I think when you had originally scheduled wanting to me you were thinking that you needed more support. Now you're finding. Maybe you don't need that much support, but you're finding the support and other ways, perhaps, which is great.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Brian Riley: And to
Brian Riley: I mean, to clarify what
Brian Riley: What that was that was
Brian Riley: And I really. And that's, I think, but what it was too. It's, I guess I didn't
Brian Riley: Realize that I had
Brian Riley: Because it didn't feel like it was time for session. And that's why I didn't even
Helena Rouhe: Know, I haven't been paying attention that that's to my organizer.
Brian Riley: Exactly so. Yeah, yeah, that
Brian Riley: Was a complete slide of
Helena Rouhe: A little bit of
Work.
Helena Rouhe: Well, and so that's something that you can use as you're working with your spawn see
Helena Rouhe: Your reconciling with this kind of phenomenon yourself to your point, it didn't feel like you needed a session. So it wasn't on your radar. It was written down somewhere.
Helena Rouhe: You could look at that. And at some point, you did, and he was like, Oh, gosh. So then there's, how do you, how do we as human beings reconcile what feels right, because it's really important to pay attention to that. And also what we've committed to
Helena Rouhe: So that you are looking at that and saying kind of connected to both things and also seeing when you're too committed right and you're seeing now that you kind of enjoy this break and
Helena Rouhe: You know the society and these expectations and all that you're appreciating it's okay to have a less committed schedule or some more flexibility in your schedule so
Helena Rouhe: Again, it kind of goes back to this interesting kind of yang, yang of, oh, I should be meeting and doing all these things and then there is what you actually need and reconciling to
Helena Rouhe: Some interesting dynamics going on there.
Brian Riley: Yeah, and I think like as you're talking to.
Brian Riley: I I'm liking that.
Brian Riley: What I'm meeting is
Brian Riley: It's helped
Helena Rouhe: You know,
Brian Riley: Like I'm not
Brian Riley: Give them like now that I'm given the chance. Like, I think this is giving everybody
Brian Riley: enough rope to hang up and like
Brian Riley: I haven't dwindled down into
Brian Riley: You know, binge watching
Brian Riley: Filling the time with a bunch of bullshit.
Brian Riley: Good, I'm
Brian Riley: Or ruminating you know like
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Brian Riley: So that's good. I do.
Brian Riley: Know Esther's having
Brian Riley: A hard time
Brian Riley: She, she was a
Brian Riley: We have a
Brian Riley: Couple of sessions.
Brian Riley: And just stuff comes up there that we don't talk about
Brian Riley: And she's saying that she had
Brian Riley: sort of been denying and putting off the news and went over the past week or so she's really
Brian Riley: Expose yourself a lot more to a lot of different angles.
Brian Riley: She started to get very frustrated
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: Like Saturday. She really needed to get out of the house, like we needed to go for a walk in.
Brian Riley: And she made it happen. All that and
Brian Riley: I
Brian Riley: Just think.
Oh,
Brian Riley: But she says
Brian Riley: I think things are changing.
Helena Rouhe: I am. I'm also noticing, and I'm kind of reiterating what I've already said, but just in a different way. I'm also noticing that the way you are seeking out support and balance is more about your
Helena Rouhe: Daily life. Your support within a na with Esther with kind of other commitments as opposed to like needing as much therapy support and or group support like it's gone from being a need for a lot of clinical support to more a need of, hey, I need to be a part of my community.
Helena Rouhe: Which is great.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and we're happy to
Helena Rouhe: Be here clinically if you need it. We're happy to be here, but I think that you are at a place now where you can adjust and manage the stressors through other more kind of day to day stuff as opposed to needing a clinical
Helena Rouhe: injection of sanity.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: And. And if you find that you need more clinical support that doesn't mean that everything's gone
Helena Rouhe: Sideways. It just means that I think you're starting to
Helena Rouhe: Shift how you're managing your life to where you can manage your life within your life as opposed to meeting all this
Helena Rouhe: Kind of external validation
Helena Rouhe: The port and that have been
Helena Rouhe: A shift for you and one that is different for you than what you've experienced before in the past. I think when you've made those
Helena Rouhe: Decisions in the past, you weren't quite really ready to make those decisions and then you were kind of jumping the gun and things got a little bit sideways. This seems like it's different.
Brian Riley: Yeah. Well, as you talk. What's striking me is it. I think what I used to feel like I needed to do was
Brian Riley: soundboard it a lot.
Helena Rouhe: Right.
Mm hmm.
Brian Riley: And I know you're still
Helena Rouhe: Now you're yeah but now you're doing within your own community, you're, you're seeing
Helena Rouhe: You're seeing the angle of what's going on for you within your own fancy and so your soundboard and kind of your own stuff without it being your stuff, you know, as you're working with your sponsor and you're going, I know you. I see what's going on there because you're ready.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah and that yourself. Right. And the same thing with Esther.
Helena Rouhe: Kind of seeing that without it being about I'm going to tell you how to live your life, you're just kind of recognizing
Helena Rouhe: Well, I think she could get out more, but I need to get out more. And that's, that's why I think you could get out more because it's good for me to get out.
Helena Rouhe: You know, so, so it doesn't have to be. Hey, you need to do this because I need to do this. You can do what you need to do. And then in a caring loving way make a suggestion that doesn't have to be any kind of agenda.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Brian Riley: Yeah, it's good.
It's good.
Helena Rouhe: So do you coming back to group.
Helena Rouhe: What would the, what is the date you have to
Brian Riley: Be there Monday.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so it'll be there Monday.
Helena Rouhe: OK, and then how often are you doing your couple things with Esther and Shawn at this point.
Brian Riley: How often are you guys me every two weeks.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so did you meet this week, or your meeting next week.
Brian Riley: So a meeting. So I have group next week. I have Sean. Sean The following week, so you want to meet the week after that.
Helena Rouhe: Well, that's kind of what I'm wondering is if you would like to do that or do you want to kind of
Brian Riley: Kick it out.
Helena Rouhe: To like once a month, or do you want to play around with it because you can always like, I'd like it to be 24 hours in advance, but we can set something up, and then you can check in.
Helena Rouhe: With this idea of, does it feel like I need a session because I totally respect that. I just want to have some notice
Helena Rouhe: So,
Brian Riley: Here. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, no worries. So we can set something up for
Helena Rouhe: Looks like either may 5 or may 12 I'm not. I don't know if I follow the, the timing there so may may 28 would be, I'm sorry.
Helena Rouhe: April 28 would be next week, and you're going to have group on Monday, so you don't need to come next week to me, then the following
Helena Rouhe: Week is the first week in May and I think you said that you have a session with Sean and after that week.
Brian Riley: Sean. OK.
Helena Rouhe: And then, so then the following week would be the 12 may 12 would be
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Brian Riley: So I'm gonna put you down.
Helena Rouhe: On the calendar for me 12
Helena Rouhe: And I
Helena Rouhe: Mean like six o'clock is better for you than
Helena Rouhe: So that works for me. So I'll put you down from a 12 to six and then on the 11th. Maybe you put on your calendar to review is that, you know, time for a session. Do you feel like you would like to me, in which case we'll keep it on the calendar.
Helena Rouhe: And if you feel like I'm actually good. You're at a point where
Helena Rouhe: You can just come, you can just come to group and do sessions. If you need to, with Esther. I'm happy to continue to meet with you, but I feel like you're kind of
Helena Rouhe: At a point where we can
Helena Rouhe: launch you into the world and do the occasional check in, but I also don't want you to feel like I'm kicking you to the curb. And that, that's it. We're done.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, because I think
Helena Rouhe: I would never otherwise. Fantastic. So I want to honor that.
Brian Riley: Thank you.
Helena Rouhe: You're very welcome. So for now, we'll have it on the 12th and then we'll just see where this all plays out.
Brian Riley: Yeah, so I'm in closing
Brian Riley: Yeah how's it. How are you, how's it going, are you
Helena Rouhe: I am good. Thank you know for me, my life has just become a little bit cleaner and then instead of going off property to do
Helena Rouhe: equine therapy sessions which I had a couple of contracts. I'm just staying here taking care of my horses and writing and training and doing bright heart. So, my life is relatively simple.
Helena Rouhe: WHICH I LOVE.
Brian Riley: Yeah, maybe you did a big transition right before all this bullshit.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, exactly. So it hasn't been too big of adjustment, other than it's just kind of cleaned up my schedule a little bit. I'm getting a lot more projects done around property which
Brian Riley: Are horses that threat.
Helena Rouhe: Horses are not at threat. So it's the only the only shift in schedule when it comes to my horses, because I compete all the competitions have been canceled until further notice. So
Helena Rouhe: That's kind of delayed thing, which is fine. I have a young horse that I'm training and so it's okay to have more time.
Helena Rouhe: So I'm not, you know, these are not problems really
Helena Rouhe: So, but I do feel bad for people who are trying to do very big
Helena Rouhe: Time, things like the Olympics got delayed till next year. And there are some people out there that their lives are really dramatically changed because of this, and I feel bad for them. But, you know, we need to be think so.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Brian Riley: So George and I have been in close contact or friends.
Brian Riley: Oh good, and
Helena Rouhe: I'm sorry you guys kind of like physically, you know, meeting up and connecting. Are you just doing
Helena Rouhe: This for now and
Brian Riley: A few times, we have a few times but mostly it's just we tech we text a lot
Brian Riley: That's awesome. Yeah, it's really good.
Helena Rouhe: That's great. That's good for both of you.
Brian Riley: Yeah, we're, we're very similar. Yeah.
Brian Riley: Yeah, it's good.
Helena Rouhe: That's fantastic.
Helena Rouhe: It's funny how it all plays out, huh.
Brian Riley: Yeah yeah cuz he's close enough where it's like, it's not ridiculous to think about, you know, someday doing something
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Right, getting together and visiting somehow. Yeah, super awesome
Brian Riley: All right.
Helena Rouhe: All right. You're very welcome. Take care and I'll see you next week and group.
Yes.
Brian Riley: Perfect. Alright, thanks a lot.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, bye.
Brian Riley: Okay, bye.